Hello!

If you are receiving this email message it means that you have previously been
subscribed to the Bioconductor mailing list.  This mailing list is over ten
years old now and it's time to upgrade to a better system.  In doing this, we
have chosen to use a system that will still allow those of you who are used to
using a mail client to continue to work as before.  

Our new system is built on Biostars which is an open source project in its own
right.  We have made a fork of this codebase for the Bioconductor project and
have skined and customized it accordingly.  One of the many new features for
this project is that it can import email messages from old mailing lists.
Since we have files with all these old messages we have imported them into the
new system.


However in order to take advantage of the new system, a very small amount of
setup work is required on your part. You will need to have an account on the
new system.  If you have never posted before, please feel free to sign up with
a new account using this page:

https://support.bioconductor.org

But if you are like most people on this list, not only will you have subscribed
before you also will have posted using your current email address.  In that
case you probably want to use the same email adress that you have been using
(and thus also get credit for all your previous posts).  In order to do that,
start at the same page as above and click the link that says "Forgot
Password?".  This will take you to a page that will allow you to reset your
password for an older email that you have already been using for posting in the
past.

Once you have an account set up you will be almost all the way done.  The only
thing left to do is to log in and click the link near the top with your name on
it (right above the word 'Community').  Then click 'Edit Your Profile' and
scroll down to look for the option called 'Notifications*'.  This option sets
you up for how you want to communicate with the list.  The default is simply
called 'default'.  No matter which mode you choose, all your posts and replies
will not be on this web site and can be search for and linked to etc.  

The 'default' mode will not send you a lot of email as a result of posts that
you make.  But if someone replies to a thread that you started, then you will
get an email notification.  So if you leave it set like this your mailbox will
not really fill up since most posts will not result in you getting any sort of
email message.  But you might get notifications from time to time when you
started a thread.  With 'default' (and all of the modes) you will also get
'messages' for answered questions highlighted for you in your on-website
messages inbox whenever you log in.  So those threads will still be able to be
easily checked in on when you log in.

If you hate the idea of getting email messages sent to you, and would rather
just check the web site as needed, then you will want to use the 'local
messages' setting.  This setting will not send you any emails from people
replying.  Not even if you started the thread and someone answers your
question.  Of course you will also have the online 'messages' box since all
modes get access to that.

The third setting is called 'email'.  This setting will email you if people
reply to your questions and also for activity on threads that you participate
in.

And the fourth option is called 'email for every new thread (mailing list
mode)'.  This fourth option is for those of you who never want to stop using
the bioconductor mailing list as if it were a classic email list.  Use this
option if you want to get all the posts sent to you as email, and if you want
to also reply to them by using standard email.  




 Marc

